Aroma: not much to speak of, low hop, low malt
Appearance: light bronze, crystal clear. White head that dissapating quickly. 
Taste: smooth, biscuity, maltiness balanced nicely with an assertive hop backbone. Low citrus with a predominantly earthy/piney flavor. 
Palate: crisp and smooth. 
Overall: a very nice fall beer with the choice of hops leaning away from the citrus side. <split>Poured from a bottle. Clear golden color, medium off white head. Amazing aroma of hops and spice. Medium body with a full spectrum of flavor and a medium finish. 

---Rated via Beer Buddy for iPhone <split>Most sessionable beer I’ve tried. Actually, I just learned that word. And it was. Fruity, smooth, delicious.  <split>12oz bottle pours with a crystal clear deep copper body that supports a cobwebby tan head of foam. The aroma offers up malts, crystal malts, a dash of earthy tea and wet tobacco, a bit of dank onions and then slivers of tangelo and grapefruit citrus. Nice. The taste delivers similar notes and is scratching me right where I itch. This has a pleasing mix of dank onions, garlic, earthy tea and a few wedges of tangelo citrus hop flavor notes. Beneath the flavor and slightly resiny hop bitterness murmurs some crystal malts. I am enjoying this. Lovely take on the style. I need to get more of this.  <split>Flowery hop aroma with a golden brown color. Hop bite on the front end that quickly fades, allowing the malt to come through. Clean finish. Sessionable. <split>UPDATED: AUG 12, 2014 Appearance: the beer is a clear light brown color, pours with a large white head
Aroma: grass, pine, hoppy, spicy, egg, 
Taste: grass, pine, fruity, citrus, bitter, has a sweet aspect to it as well, delicious, also a dominant spice is evident
Palate: average carbonation, bitter aftertaste, has a medium to light mouthfeel
Overall: a very interesting beer, lots of complexity, wish I could get this regularly, not common to have a spice and sweetness that works like this one does <split>Very good as far as PAs go, but I was expecting more, particularly for the ABV. I enjoy the copper colored malt flavor. Definitely better than the typical PA. But, for 6% ABV, I want more flavor. If this were at 5% or below, with nothing else change, totally a home run. <split>Wow, this smells like really fresh homebrew! Strong green, slightly skunky hop aroma along with fresh roast malt. Crystal clear light amber/copper color with a foamy white head. Toasty malt flavor shines brightly here with a woody, slightly smoky note. The body is really creamy with a marshmallow texture and taste, but light at the same time. Earthy, leafy bitterness balances the slightly sweet malt. All of these flavors and textures are left behind in the aftertaste. This beer nails the flavors of fall! <split>i am coming to the conclusion that whenever i drink a NEW BELGIUM brew i am about to drink an ale that is fully flavored- as it is supposed to be and as aromatic as an ale can get. demonstrative and delicious are other things that come to mind. either that or my nose and taste buds are out of whack. and they ain’t!  <split>When that first hit slides over the tongue you will be amazed at the sweet fall notes and dash of hoppy feel! <split>Aroma: Hints of pine and resin hops with a strong caramel malted backdrop.
Appearance: Dark amber with a rich tan head that leaves a lot of lacing.
Taste: Light bitterness balance by a medium sweetness.
Palate: Medium body, slick texture, soft carbonation, long finish.
Overall: A solid, well balanced beer, but I’m not completely blown away by it. It works for what it is, but it’s fairly run of the mill. <split>Amazing aroma of citrus, caramel and hops. Clear amber color with a well laced short lasting head. Great taste of hops, citrus and a hint of caramel. Chalky feel with a dry hop finish. <split>Bottle into glass... nice clean hoppy aroma with fruit on the backend..metallic aftertaste ..kinda dig this shiz.. <split>Im not a fan of hoppy beer.............................................. <split>Pours a clear brown with a thickish nice white head from a bottle. Aroma is alcohol with a slightly roasted nose, but it’s not offensive. Flavor is similar, although more complex. No individual flavor stands out, but this in a nice balance. It goes down easy and you forget what you’re drinking beyond "a really nice beer." <split>UPDATED: AUG 18, 2014 Clear copper color with a frothy, white head. The aroma has nice floral hops with some grassy notes as well. It has a medium, smooth body with average carbonation. The taste is nicely balanced with a slightly sweet start and malty middle, followed by a mildly bitter finish. <split>Not a new Belgium fan but I love this one. Tastes like fruit loops. Dark orange with white head. Not much aroma. Taste is mild hops, cherries and orange and sweet. Just tastes GOOD <split>12 ounce bottle into pint glass, best before 12/14/2014. Pours slightly hazy deep orange/copper color with a 2 finger dense and rocky off white head with great retention, that reduces to a nice cap that lingers. Spotty soapy lacing clings down the glass, with a moderate amount of streaming carbonation. Aromas of grapefruit, tangerine, pineapple, lemon zest, orange peel, floral grass, caramel, toast, biscuit, light nuttiness, light chocolate, light pine, and floral/toasted earthiness. Nice and pleasant aromas with good balance and complexity of citrus hops and moderate dark/bready malt sweetness; with solid strength. Taste of grapefruit, tangerine, pineapple, lemon zest, orange peel, floral, grass, pine, caramel, toast, biscuit, nuttiness, light chocolate, and floral/grassy earthiness. Fair amount of pine/grassy bitterness on the finish; with lingering notes of grapefruit, tangerine, pineapple, lemon/orange zest, pine, caramel, toast, biscuit, nuttiness, light chocolate, and floral/toasted earthiness on the finish for a good bit. Very nice complexity, balance, and robustness of citrus hops and moderate dark/bready malt sweetness; with a great malt/bitterness balance and zero cloying flavors after the finish. Medium carbonation and body; with a smooth, crisp, fairly creamy/sticky, and lightly bready mouthfeel that is nice. Alcohol is very well hidden with minimal warming present after the finish. Overall this is a very nice pale ale. All around good robustness, balance, and complexity of citrus hops and moderate dark/bready malt sweetness; and very smooth and crisp to drink. A very enjoyable offering. <split>Taster at brewery. Pours brown with a white head. Leaves a fair amount of foam in the glass. Nice floral thing on the nose. Piney on the tongue without a ton of obnoxious bitterness. Finishes clean. A lovely example of the style.  <split>Poured a 12oz brown bottle into Spieglau IPA glass. Clear reddish amber colour with slight chill haze, deep sudsy white foam, everlasting with sheets and sheets of fine Belgian lace. Weedy, resiny, extremely grapefruity. Aroma was a little harsh (Target hops?) but the flavour was smoother with unexpected fruity notes added to the signature Fat Tire-esque biscuity and toasty malt traits. Very hops-forward but not overly bitter. Zesty aftertaste which lasted as long as the foam, which is to say forever, except that I eventually drank it all. Great stuff. <split>Nice pale ale, great hoppy aroma and flavor, some pine, though nothing about this says "fall". Total Wine Autumn tasting class. <split>Pours two fingers of head on a clear straw colored body.
The aroma is bold lemon with some pine and mango.
The taste is malty, yet still has a moderate dose of grapefruit bitterness. Good balance.
The texture is crisp.
Nice. <split>Draft at Tour Dr Fat in Tempe. Amber with a creamy white head. Pleasant and drinkable. Firm but lighter moderate bitterness. Citrus and pine. A little sticky. Touch of that chocolate rye is nice. Tasty.  <split>Pours s clear light Amber. Thick off white foam lingers a while. Aroma similar to Ranger IPA, resiny, pine and a hint of orange zest. Taste of coffee, crackers and toast, followed by a restrained bitterness of slightly resiny grapefruit. Very good pale ale.  <split>Bottle from Bobar: Poured a medium bronze liquid topped with a large fluffy foam cap head. Aroma is mildly hopped but still smells better than any of the cheap macro stuff I had been drinking recently. The flavor has just enough hops to strike an interest but then taste like any other micro mass produced bottled beer out there. <split>Pours a clear golden brown on tap with nice cap of off-white head that leaves good lace. Aroma is big resinous hops, clean and grassy, wet hop characteristics. Taste is bittersweet caramel with grassy citrus fresh hop over the top. Mild carbonation, easy to drink, nice beer. <split>Pale Ale?? Nope. Amber ale, octoberfest, ESB? Oh yea! What an incredible mixture of styles. Really a fun beer. <split>Aroma is pine/spruce, mild hop resin and fresh yeast. The flavor is grapefruit, citrus, tropical fruit, malts somewhat in the back ground, mild hop resin and a rather (for an APA) dry/bitter finish. <split>On tap. Served a dark amber color with a nice head and some lacing. Aroma of citrus, malt with bit of caramel sweetness and fruit. Taste of malt, citrus, fruit, caramel sweetness and bit of spice in the background. Easy bitterness and a clean finish. Medium body, smooth and a bit creamy, nicely balanced. Easy drinking beer. Reminds me a bit of an English Pale Ale . <split>Amber brew that smells of herbal tea. Has a better taste than aroma suggested with a sorta spicy, floral thing going for it. Balanced out nicely making it very chuggable but enough hop flavors to make me want to take my time and enjoy the flavors. Good stuff and will most likely buy more. <split>Pours a rich golden amber color with a creamy white head. Hop, floral, citrus, caramel, biscuit and malt aroma. Caramel, biscuit, herbal hop, floral, fruit, biscuit and malt flavors. Medium light body and average carbonation. Mild bitterness and a caramel and herbal hop finish.  <split>Pours clear amber with white head. Aroma is sweet and malty. Light crisp and refreshing body. Very nice slightly sweet malt profile. Little bit of hop bite that adds some crisp texture. Pretty good. <split>This bottled brew from a grocery store poured a medium sized head of foamy fine to medium sized off-white colored bubbles that were long lasting and left behind a softly carbonated transparent light brown colored body and an excellent lacing. The mild aroma was hoppy. The crisp mouth feel was tingly at the start and at the finish with a lingering hoppy aftertaste. The sharp flavor contained notes of mild citrus mild caramel and hops. Delicious and one I would certainly like to have again. <split>Bottle in Grand Junction, Colorado. Nice aromatics to this one. Good complexity to the taste as well. Not much else that is too noticeable though. <split>Amber colored pour. Sizable off white head. Tons of lacing. Huge hop aroma. Some pine and slight malt. Nutty flavor with malt and hops.  <split>On tap at St. Augustine’s, pours a clear copper with a small beige head. Aroma brings out spicy hops, tropical fruitiness and crackery malt. Flavour is quite interesting for a pale ale, bringing out wood, spicy hops, and some tropical fruity / juicy notes. Really nice flavours here, with the spicy wood hops lingering. Great pale ale. <split>Bottle:
Clear, dark, smoky scotch colour.....frothy beige head.
Aroma of pine, florals, caramel.
Taste is very light caramel malt, yet prominent oily/pine and peel bitter...
Dark and dry for an APA.
Very smooth...pretty nice. <split>12oz bottle. Deep amber color with a thick lacy head of white froth. Aroma is spicy hops and sweet caramel malt. Really a nice fall beer. Plenty of aromatics make it comforting and attractive. The well-blended flavors make it very easy to drink. Very enjoyable. <split>Pours clear amber with a generous white head.
Aroma of sweet malt and floral hops.
The flavor is well balanced but favors the hops.
The hop bitterness builds ending in a long bitter finish.
Pretty decent APA. <split>Pours a clear light brown with off-white head. Floral notes, a hint of pine, and some malt on the nose; follows onto the palate. Finishes with a touch of sweetness and spice. <split>This is a tasty APA that actually has a bit of malt character for a change. It is a nice clear orange color. It’s head is small, fine bubbled, long lived and leaves behind lace in big splotches. The nose is dominated by that classic fruity citrus aroma of American hops but it gets a bit more interesting when you taste it. There is a distinct rich toasty toffee-like malt character, bringing to mind some of the better amber colored American brews. This beer feels light and drinkable but is still creamy on the plate w/ fine, mild carbonation. It finishes w/ lingering toasty malt character and some astringent iced tea notes but overall crisp w/ firm, earthy bitterness. This is definitely one worth trying. <split>Bottle shared at Capitol Beer & Tap Room. Pours light copper with a thick beige head and a citrus aroma. There is a medium-bodied pale malt flavor with a dry slightly bitter finish. <split>Aroma: Crisp, warm and floral. The hops has a fantastic flora presence along with crisp notes of warm spices.

Appearance: Amber with tinges of orange and a white head.

Taste: Slightly dry with a fairly savory body

Palate: Standard fair

Overall: This is what I will be drinking this fall

 <split>on tap at the Maswick Lodge, Grand Canyon, AZ; deep amber color; floral hops and bready malt aroma; piney hops on a bready malt base; medium bodied and vey well balanced; <split>Bottle into pint glass. Pours a clear light copper. Aroma is of citrusy hops and some malt. Taste is citrusy hops and malt. Great beer.

-- rated via 'Find A Beer' for Blackberry 10 <split>Clean and sharp golden blond pour with two fingers of white head. Citrusy and woody with a nice biscuity malt profile and clean finish.  <split>On tap at Liquid Bread Gastropub, Campbell CA. Really enjoyed this sessionable brew but, I must say, it tasted more like a lager than an ale. The nose of floral hops is prominent. However, on the palate, the light, floral hops taste is moderated by a bready malt base very reminiscent of a Munich style lager. Not earth shattering but very drinkable and satisfying.  <split>Citrus and biscuit sweet malt nose. Flavor is the same plus some lemongrass and spicy hop presence. Mouthfeel is oddly thin and lacking. That being said this is super clean and otherwise not flawed. A solid effort that I do not regret trying. <split>Clear amber pour with good near white head. Smells very distinct and lightly stinky. Very earthy and herbal. Not typical pale ale stuff. This is good actually, just can’t quite peg why.  <split>12oz bottle from Kroger in Upper Arlington. Clear amber pour. Aroma of weed, spice, resiny citrus. Tastes are toasty caramel malt, little coffee, candy toffee, pine, orange. Strange brew - I’m not describing something I’d typically like, but it’s more than the sum of its parts. - 7.2 <split>Citrus and biscuit sweet malt nose. Flavor is the same plus some lemongrass and spicy hop presence. Mouthfeel is oddly thin and lacking. That being said this is super clean and otherwise not flawed. A solid effort that I do not regret trying. <split>Pour from a 12oz bottle. Clear amber brew with off white head. Great aroma of juniper, citrus, fearth and light malt. Taste is light sweet malt at the start followed by a piney fruity citrusy hops and ending with a citrus / grass/ earth flourish. Excellent! <split>Healthy white foamy head. Deep amber in color. Nose of fruity hops and malt. Tastes like a good, hoppy American Pale Ale but with nice tobacco notes of specialty malts. 

---Rated via Beer Buddy for iPhone <split>Draught at St. Augustine’s, VancouverDark amber color. It’s not ad Pale as described, but it’s a professional fine brew with a mild pleasant fruity component, mild caramel/malt flavor, good body strength, a bit resiny, and fairly bitter.Clean and solid. <split>Draft pour. Deep copper color. Thin white head. Aroma of grass, pine, caramel roast. Taste is sweet, caramel, bitter. Nice light grain balance. Pretty great autumn pale ale. <split>Draft. Large rocky off-white head atop crystal clear dark amber body. Aroma is medium sweet, orange, some lemon/grapefruit, bread. Taste is medium sweet, orange, some earthy, bread, light grapefruit. Soft light-medium body, light resin. <split>Draft at Bricks. Pours clear brown with no head. Something funky and grainy in the nose. Too much Fat Tire in the taste for my liking.  <split>UPDATED: SEP 9, 2014 Light mahogany with decent head/lace. Fresh aroma of a earthy spicey minty pine,some mineral caramel notes, slight/mild citrus. Had Amarillo character at first with fruit-citrus but dies out to a Ranger/Rampant hop aroma. Fresh and fairly pungent. Nice, but reminds me some of Ranger or Rampant some,not a bad thing but has that NB signature to it. TAste has much of the hop aroma with light easy body light malt notes with a bit of toffee caramel. Palate is like more of a  5% but is easy light body. Bit of citrus for the bitter,easy bitter for a pale ale. Solid but mild bitter easy drinking almost session. Great aroma <split>Bottle. Orange malt and pine/orange peel aroma. Amber with large white head. Sweet orange malt and moderately bitter grapefruit peel flavor. Good but standard. <split>12 oz bottle. Like everything from NB- super solid for the style. Can always count on them to make something eminently drinkable and enjoyable if not mind-blowing. Pours dark for a pale- nice copper color that speaks to fall. Taste: malty, earthy, pine, citrus, floral. Medium mouthfeel- feels a bit lighter than in looks. Finish is pretty neutral and smooth- not overly bitter. Nice. 

 <split>355ml bottle pours amber in color with a finger of white head that leaves some decent lacing on the glass. Aroma is citrus and herbal with hints of caramel. Taste is a caramel malty sweetness with a citrus and herbal hop bitterness. Medium bodied with decent carbonation. An interesting pale ale. <split>Pours a amber light brown with a one finger off white head with pretty nice lacing. Aroma is of toasted malts, pine, earthy hop, caramel, sweet malts, biscuity malts, spicy hops, and some light citrus. Taste is pretty similar to the aroma. Has a medium body with a semi creamy mouthfeel, semi bitter, medium finish. Overall, a deccent pale ale thang is well balanced and has a fall feel to it.  <split>Bottle. Pours copper with a billowy white head. Light carbonation. Aromas of sweet malt and muted piney hops. Upfront pine and brown sugar. Slight herbal tone. Flavors kind of dissipate quickly to a fairly nice piney hop bite. Light mouthfeel. Not bad. <split>From a bottle... Aroma is built upon an impressive array of hops. Initial taste hits one with a preponderance of hops; a hint of "dark" malt is what makes this a "Fall brew." Hops remain on the palate.  <split>Aroma: Herbal hops, subtle spice; cinnamon or allspice kind of thing? Bread crust-like malt. 
Flavor: Spicy, herbal hops, and sweet, light caramel malt. Moderate bitterness. Toasty aftertaste. Not really any fruity hop character. <split>Bottle. Dark amber pour with a frothy tan head. Toasted malt, dark bread, caramel, pine and floral hops comprise the aroma. Taste is pine and floral hops, citrus, toasted malt, caramel notes, dark bread and hop resins. Body is medium with a frothy, bubbly carbonation. Ends with more floral hops, pine, dark bread, toasted malt, grains, caramel and soft citrus. <split>Dark copper pour with a medium white foamy head. 
Aroma is toffee, toasted malt, piney resinous hop. Lighter woody and stone fruit tones.
Flavour is toffee, woody, over steeped black tea astringent. Light resinous and woody hop finish.
Nice full bodied ale for fall evenings around the fire.


---Rated via Beer Buddy for iPhone <split>12 oz. bottle. Pours a darker than expected copper with a medium, cready off white head. Decent retention and lacing. Aroma is bright lemon, citrus, and orange peel. Toasted malt, pine, dark bread. I keep looking for the signature "biscuity" malt profile, but can’t find it. Which is great because that profile is off-putting. Medium bodied, lively carbonation. Quite smooth and easy drinking. Overall, a nice pale ale. <split>Pours a clear amber with a robust off white head and plenty of lacing. Aroma is malt and dry hopping. Taste is caramel malt, a bit of coffee, buttery with piney hop bitterness. Another fine product. <split>16 oz draft pours amber with a off white head. Aroma of caramel, resin and citrus. Taste is malts and resin. <split>Dark copper pour with a medium white foamy head. 
Aroma is toffee, toasted malt, piney resinous hop. Lighter woody and stone fruit tones.
Flavour is toffee, woody, over steeped black tea astringent. Light resinous and woody hop finish.
Nice full bodied ale for fall evenings around the fire.


---Rated via Beer Buddy for iPhone <split>Pours a clear amber with a robust off white head and plenty of lacing. Aroma is malt and dry hopping. Taste is caramel malt, a bit of coffee, buttery with piney hop bitterness. Another fine product. <split>I like this beer. Not over the top, but it has a lot of nice things going on. The aroma is not really very interesting but the taste is a rounded malt flavor with a little hop and yeast spiciness. The finish and hop burp is very pleasant and drinkable. Overall, it’s pretty tasty on a warm or cool summer/fall night. <split>Appearance has a brownish amber hue supporting a healthy white head leaving fair lace. Smell of the citrusy hops balanced by the sweet malt. Taste has a good bite of hops over taking the malt just a bit for a pale ale, I would prefer more malt forward in this seasonal fall pale ale. Mouthfeel is medium with good carbonation.  <split>Where and how:  Bottle 355 ml 
Aroma rounded, slightly nutty, mild fruity sweetness, pleasant soft approach. .
 Appearance : 
Top: lasting, medium sized top.
Base: clean amber.
Palate :  soft, medium bodied ale.
Taste: well rounded, sweet, floral with mild hop touch.
 other notes  quiet drinkable and easy going.
 <split>Pours clear amber with a beige head. The aroma has toasty malt, floral hops, toasted bread, light fruit and a cleanness to everything. It has a medium / light body that’s very crisp and has moderate sharp carbonation. The flavor starts with dry toasted malt, earthy / zesty / fruity hops and fresh dark bread. The finish has more toastiness and spicy / fruity hosp. Pretty good pale (dark) ale. <split>Tampa bottle. Copper and amber color with a long lasting khaki head with thick lacing. Light aroma of green hops and a hint of caramel malt. Flavor is mostly hops with mild bitterness. Fine.  <split>Classic new Belgium flair and aroma reminds subtly of fat tire but with of the hop flavor and less malty. 

---Rated via Beer Buddy for iPhone <split>Draft at Louis Benton - pours a copper colored gold . Citrus aromas . Bright citrus flavors . Not bad . 

---Rated via Beer Buddy for iPhone <split>Clear deep copper under a thin rocky white head. Funny nose of sweet grassy hops like the kind they use in Fat Tire, with a little lemoniness and floral resin tones.The flavor is a bit earthy sweet with some rye and subtle molasses tones, followed by that Target hop flavour of sweet grasiness and a touch of lemon. Not shabby but nothing memorable. <split>Bottle, amber pour, white head, nose is bitter, taste is malty, barn, interesting amber with hops <split>Solidly malty and heavily hoppy, this fall beer delivers in bringing strength of hop character alongside a fall strength in caramels and malts.

Winning

---Rated via Beer Buddy for iPhone <split>Pours clear amber color with off white head. Malty, grassy and pine aroma. Flavor starts caramel malt, followed with citrus flavors and finishing with a resin pine hops flavor. <split>Nice hoppy pale. Floral hops abound atop a light biscuity caramel background. Similar to Sierra Nevada but not quite so hoppy. I prefer this. Mellow but flavorful and pleasing. <split>Good aroma of hops and citrus. Pours a copper/amber color with a nice head. On taste, nice balance between the hops and malt. Great finish with some bitterness. <split>Nice affordable available option. Bought a bunch for a party. Pours coppers with decent head. Nice light hop and light sweet flavor. Bottle - Dekalb Farmer’s Market - Decatur, GA <split>Dark brown with tan head. Strong malty aroma. Some hop character up front , but mostly a floral caramel malt taste. Finish is toffee and honey malt. <split>An appealing aroma that has earthy hops along with a little bit of caramel notes. Appearance is crisp and looks like a brown ale. The taste is very crisp with a nice bite of hops but not overpowering. Very refreshing earthy tasting hops that linger a little bit at the same time. Definitely worth trying and could be sessionable.  <split>On tap at Nando’s Peri-Peri in Washington, D.C. Poured dark amber color with not much foam. Had a fruity and slightly piney aroma. Pale malty taste up front, followed by a slightly hoppy taste. Definitely liked the taste the longer I held and soaked it in. Good beer, would drink again. <split>Bottle. Clear, dark gold beer, medium body. Light hoppiness, easy to drink with balanced flavors.  <split>Bottle@ trailer. Bright amber color with ivory head. Subtle floral, citrusy, nutty aromas. Medium bodied with average carbonation. Floral, light citrusy hop flavors with a mild caramel sweetness____nicely bitter finish----good.  <split>The color of this beer is a brownish orange, and it has a medium off-white head that fades slowly. The aroma blends caramel malts with piney hops, and the taste is mildly bitter and slightly sour. The hop flavors initially hit the tongue strongly, but the malts become more apparent as the aftertaste sets in. The palate has a soft carbonation, medium-light body, and a thin and slick texture. Overall, it’s a solid, drinkable beer that’s nothing special.  <split>Pours a darker caramel color big frothy head. Aromas of citrus, caramel, apricot, peach. Flavors of citrus, grass, caramel, floral. Medium sweet with a light dry finish. Decently balanced.  <split>Poured from bottle into a snifter
 Appearance – The beer pours a copper-mahogany color with a small white fizzy head. The head has a lighter level of retention, fading relatively quickly to leave a light level of lace on the sides of the glass.
 Smell – The aroma of the beer is quite nice with a very nice blend of sweeter dark fruits and sugary smells mixed with some more malty and hoppy aromas. The darker fruit aromas are mainly of a cherry and plum with the sugary being of a caramel and toffee smell. The malty aromas consist of a slightly bready and cracker like aroma all while the hoppy smells are mostly of an piney nature, but with them also containing some smells of an earthy and citrus as well.
 Taste – The taste begins with a rather drier flavor with a mainly lightly roasted and cracker like taste. There is a bit of a hop of a pine nature right upfront which gains intensity as the flavor advances further on. Along with these flavor is a hint of a caramel sweetness which quickly fades from the taste after the initial sip of the brew. All while the caramel fades, more hop of an herbal nature as well as some pine comes to the tongue, leaving a rather dry and decently hopped flavor to linger on the tongue.
 Mouthfeel – The body of the beer is on the slightly thinner side with a carbonation level that is rather average to just above average. For the drier flavors of the brew the feel is rather appropriate and makes for a more crisp and refreshing drier drinking brew overall.
 Overall – A decent, more crisp, and drier brew that accentuates some more earthy and piney hops. While not what I would call super balanced, as it lacked some residual sweetness to balance the malt and hop, it was a rather decent brew overall.
 <split>Tasty. Mild hop aroma with a hint of grain. Nice bronze color with good clarity. High carbonation and medium weight. Hops up front leaning toward pine and a soft malt background. Blended well. <split>Pretty good American Pale Ale. It has a unique flavor I have never tastes before in a Pale Ale, sort of European. <split>Tap at Red Stag in NE Mpls. Somewhat murky amber pour with a small soapy head. Citrus and pine resin hops, albeit somewhat mild. Balanced and easy drinking. Certainly enjoyable, maybe even crushable, but not spectacular. <split>Sampled from a bottle, 
this beer had a clear dark red pour with dark honey gold color, and gave a one finger white and faint off-white head, 
the cover receded to thin layer with a couple of small open spots and sticky ring, it left some spots of lacing on the glass, 

the aromas were grass and citrus hops with nice dark toasted malt notes, faint raisin and dried fruit, some caramel and brown sugar sweetness, and a little candy sweetness, 

it had flavors of toasted malt (toasted dark malt) with citrus hops, some raisin, caramel and malt sweetness, 
the finish had a gentle hop bitterness, 



the mouth feel was light with a little creamy feel on the lips, it had average carbonation, 

a nice drink, I liked the dark malt toasted that provided bread toast notes, and the hops were light but were easily noticed on the nose and mouth. <split>Pours an amber color with an off-white head. Aroma is well blended with caramel malts and citrus hops. Flavor is mostly the caramel malts up front with a decent bitter finish from the citrus hops.  <split>Pint at Bigelo’s. A clear amber beer that has an interesting white head. Roasty and toasty notes throughout. It is bready. Spices and fruit with caramel. To me this is an Oktoberfest meets American Pale Ale.  <split>