Si presenta di colore marrone scuro (o tonaca di frate), leggermente velata, ottima schiuma color beige, abbondante, cremosa con grana delle bolle media, e con un bel cappello persistente. Al naso intensità elevata, malto, caramello, miele, spezie, frutta scura; odori che sembrano aver trovato casa nelle narici. In bocca è un’esplosione di sapori, attacco dolce di caramello, zucchero di canna, vino, buona presenza alcoolica; note di caffè, cacao, liquirizia, e ancora uva passa, frutta scura (prugna, fichi, more...). Corpo strutturato. Retrogusto leggermente amaro e astringente, che gli dona un equilibrio eccellente. Birra trappista eccezionale, che incorpora al meglio tutte le caratteristiche dello stile. PERFETTA!!! <split>Bardzo dobre i smaczne piwo, pachnace miodem. w smaku miód takze wyczuwalny, aromatyczne i tresciwe, krzepkie i wytrawny finisz. ciemne troche metne i kleiste. Aytentyczne trapistowskie piwo z Austrii. polecam <split>Gregorius has a vaport train out the bottle neck, a thin, cream-colored head, a dark brown appearance, minimal lacing, and an incredible amount of pretty large tan chunks which settle at the bottom, making this beer almost a semi-solid beverage. The aroma is intense, and the drinker will pick up a multiplicity of smells, including grape skin, wine, vinegar, Maraschino cherries, acid, duck sauce, yeast, brown bread, bread crust, honey, lo mien noodles, and spice. Taste is likewise complex, with flavors including all of the above, plus smoked pork, Warheads sweet & sour candies, pine oil, licorice, prunes, butter, and assorted spices. Mouthfeel is heavy and chewy, and Gregorius finishes wet and cloying and munch-able. Overall, this is an outstanding beer, at a minimum, and I recommend it, in the strongest possible terms. RJT <split>Poured from bottle into tulip. About the same color as the bottle, deep brown. I was expecting a normal trappist brew. I did not see the brewed with honey on the bottom. The honey gave it a sweetness to the roasted malts that I think played wonderfully together. It is hard to give a explanation of the aroma, reminds me of the dark woods after a rain. Maybe the beer soaked basement of a frat house. I find a bit of alcohol on the finish. A standout beer, fantastic.  <split>Special anniversary tapping at Summits. Comes out of the tap a rich, deep sable - not much head, but that must be an artifact of the pour. Aroma fills the nostrils with roast malt, sharp fruity and caramel notes plus a hint of bourbon. Rich flavor stimulates them taste buds with caramel, malt, pear, and subtle chocolate and bourbon tones. Sweetness and sourness rather nicely balance each other. Firm texture is silky-smooth, yet has fizz to spare. I definitely need to get to Belgium someday and enjoy these wonderful beers right at the source! <split>Bottle at La Trappe, SF. Pours nearly black with a tan head. Aroma of roast, spice, and caramel/toffee/treacle. Taste is amazing! Treacle, caramel, roast grains, dark fruit, brown sugar, with a dry finish. Full body, great carbonation. Really good stuff! <split>Botella de 330ml. Copa Cáliz. Aromas de muscatel y pasas al destapar. Color ámbar muy oscuro y apariencia nublada. La espuma beige-bronceado crea una persistente capa y deja encajes en las paredes. Increible perfil aromático que despliega trazos de mermelada de ciruela y maltas caramelo tostadas, orejones, azúcar moreno quemado, chocolate con leche y miel. Entrada suave, cremosa con sabor malteado y redondeado por infusión de café y hierbas. Cuerpo pleno y carbonatación suave. Paladar denso, cálido y aterciopelado. En el intermedio afloran sabores afrutados de ciruelas y uvas pasas junto a un toque cítrico muy sutil con notas de melocotón y albaricoque. Final dulce y equilibrado por matices herbales. Retrogusto largo, largo. Deliciosa!!
330ml bottle. Chalice glass. Muscatel & raisin as cap is removed. Very dark amber color, cloudy appearance. Beige tan head creates a close, lasting crown leaving lacing on sides. Amazing aroma profile displays hints of plum marmalade & toasted caramel malt, dried & sweet peach, burnt brown sugar, milk chocolate & honey. Smooth, creamy & malty upfront rounded by coffee infusion & herbs. Full body. Soft carbonation. Dense, warm & velvety mouthfeel. Fruity flavors arise in the middle showing raisin, prune, very subtle ripe citric touch, peach & apricot notes. Sweet finish rounded by some herbal hues. A long, long aftertaste. Flavorful!! <split>Pours a very dark brown almost black into the glass. Unfiltered brew (the best kind). Lots of malt on the nose with hints of dried fruit, brown sugar, and I even get a bit of coffee in there as well. Very complex mouthfeel, lots of flavors going on. Very robust and yet smooth at the same time. Really solid beer. The trappist beers are always the best! <split>Bottled, 0.33l. Murky dark brown color with small creamy brownish head, poor lacing and many floating yeast particles. Aroma of caramel malt, floral hops, strawberry, vanilla, yeast and mild alcohol. Taste starts sweet and rich malty, followed by yeasty and fruity acidity, roasty maltiness and mild alcohol. Mouthfeel is spicy, while finish is very mildly bitter. Full body, syrupy texture and lively natural carbonation. Wow, this one’s really great, better than many Belgians! When drinking it too cold it reminds me of a sour ale (really) but when warms up, full malty richness breaks out... <split>A great beer with long aftertaste duration! Mostly malty with touches of caramel and dark red fruits. Dark brown beer. <split>Bottle at Ölrepubliken. Very tasty and different trappist beer. Aroma of caramel, taste of caramel! Like liquid candy! Really good beer! <split>Dovrebbe essere la nuova trappista. Colore marrone con schiuma fitta e abbastanza persistente. Si presenta con un aroma di patè di olive con un pizzico di malto tostato e alcol. Al palato ingresso corposo e complesso. Moderatamente dolce, di nuovo sentore di oliva, malto e lievito e una reminescenza di malto tostato che la equilibria. Chiude in un amaro avvolgente. Finale persistente. Una trappista davvero originale e di ottima fattura. Complimenti! La birra può addirittura migliorare. La riproverò tra qualche anno. <split>Tap from oak cask. Beautiful brownish dark ruby. Lasting dense tan head with lace. Dark fruit, light alcohol, caramel, honey. Rich and lovely. Medium body, slightly sticky. Sweet and clean. Have not tasted bottled version yet, but would bet this surely surpasses it.  <split>Very beautiful beer top to bottom from aroma to taste. Dark brown in color with a full tan head. Aroma is sweet,yeast,honey and spice. Very different then other beers I have tasted and the honey is the most noted. Flavors are all over from yeast,honey,coffee and dark fruit but not rasian or prune fresher dark fruit like plum and grapes. <split>Bottle
Aroma-bread, caramel, dried fruits
Appearance-brown, clear, tan foam, 
Taste-medium sourness, light sweetness, lightly bitter, 
Palate-full body, thick feel, soft carbonation, sour finish
Overall-perfect beer <split>Trappistenbier nach Osterreich? Sure, why not. These Austrian monks have ’er covered. 330mL Bottle from Sherbrooke. Dark copper pour with a bubbly tan head, decent retention.heavy on carbonation Aroma is quite fruity. Full bodied. Smooth, silky mouthfeel. Taste is ripened plum, raisin, caramel candy, and a nuttiness I cant describe. Extremely smooth finish and a lingering taste of sweet malt. Superb. <split>Alright, the final trappist I’ve not tasted yet. Got it in Poppel at the Bierschuur for a big 3 euros, but should be worth it in the end. Nice looking bottle purs a very dark brown beer with a unique brown head. Love the looks of it as it’s all a very dark composition altogether. The smell is very strong of dark fruit with some sweetness; so far so good, tasting! Also a very strong, full taste as the aroma was. Straight up dark fruit, orange zest with a balanced raisin/sour in the background. Special in this beer is that they put honey in it, which really gives it a unique twist in the aftertaste. This all very nice packed in a beautiful palate. Brutal beer; get this for christmas or newyear, or whenever you want because it’s a great one to the trappist family! <split>UPDATED: OCT 15, 2013 (18/08/2012) 33 cl. bottle sampled @ GBF 2012 // trying the 8th trappist finally was high on my list but expectations were less high // dark brown with an almost red hue and a beige tanned head // nose is not what I expected but same goes for the taste but this is simply lovely, plenty of roast, cocoa, sweet touch, chocolate, nuts, coffee & even touch of soy // taste sweet roasted malts, milk chocolate, creamy, touch bread and light burned roast, cocoa powder, hint soy & nuts, aftertaste is touch boozy in a nice way, bitter cocoa & sweet chocolate // creamy body // more like a foreign stout than a Belgian but who cares - this is delicious and should be officially a trappist and it is better than some established trappist breweries and beers /// tried it again 2 more times, no change in opinion <split>@Markies na #lbf2013 lwd prijzig bier!
Caramout , chocolade donkerbruin, redelijk moutig , kandijsuiker, vol van body, overrijp fruit, zoetige afdronk, uitermate prima bier of het lag hem aan de middelmatige bieren bij het lente bieren festival in Leeuwarden <split>Classic sweet, dark fruit, alcohol smell, beautiful dark brown color, taste is sweet, spicy, good CO2, real good Quad. 

Could use a little more ABV, you can smell the alcohol but the taste is hidden. Great beer. <split>Tap from oak cask. 
 Dark fruit, light alcohol, caramel, honey. 
. Medium body, rich, and amazing. Sweet. very delicious. <split>One of the beers I’m most excited to try, even with more than 200 here and some over ten years old - but this one, I can’t wait! Deep dark brown coloured body with a thinnish, fast-dying brown head. Aroma of nice raisins, earth, malt, oak, cherries, yeast, caramel and a pleasant complexity - very nice. Medium-bodied; Assertive raisin, pit fruit, caramel, chocolate, peat, yeastie and even light spicey flavours throughout make for a very interesting and super complex beer. Aftertaste shows just as much character as the beginning - with so much to choose from - sweetness, depth, spiciness and a good alcohol and pungent earthiness on the end. Overall, a great beer and quite simply - one that needs to be sampled, just like each of the other trappist beers. Definitely lived up to its billing and while I might like to have a Rochy 10 or Westy 12 more...this is a great addition to the trappist family and one that I’ll plan on keeping a few of around to age. I sampled this 33 cL bottle purchased from Arrowine in Arlington, Virginia on 30-January-2013 for USA$5.99 sampled at home on my very first Father’s Day on 16-June-2013. Bottle brewed in November 2011, Purchased in January 2013, sampled in June 2013 - 13m//6m//19m brewed to drank <split>Dark colour, minimal head. I poured not very carefully, so there were lots of yeast pieces or something, making the beer not look very aesthetic. Aroma of vanilla, spices, something like black olive, a bit of honey. First impression is a bit of sour flavour like of olive, much dark chocolate, pleasant warming alcohol. After warming up reveals some honey flavour. No raising or prune, which I liked. Low bitterness. Flat carbonation, very pleasant mouthfeel. The beer is very drinkable, I regretted having only a 0,33l bottle of it. <split>AROMA: port, licorice, bread,
APPEARANCE: brown, clear, minimal head, brown foam, 
TASTE: lightly bitter, light sweetness, lightly sour, 
PALATE: full body, creamy, soft carbonation, long finish, 
OVERALL: warm-bodied malty with wine qualities and a hint of licorice; quite distinct among the Trappists. <split>In the abbot style, which I like better than a quad. Tick and rich palate. Sweet with rich malt flavors, as well as dried fruit, caramel and some bread. I did not taste the honey specifically, but given the sweetness, I believe iti s there. Complex and very high quality, I might put this in fourth place after the Abbot ales from Westvleteren, Rochefort, and Achel.  <split>mahogany colour, moderate creamy brown head; aroma of raspberry, raisin, caramel, yeast and alcohol; taste of biscuit, caramel, yeast, raspberry again and other dried fruits; sourish-bittery aftertaste; cool quadrupel <split>caramel and fruity aroma... taste is rather complicated, with tones of caramel and dark fruits and shades of honey, coffee and forest berries... light hop bitterness... sweet warming aftertaste... that’s good. <split>Bouteille. La Cervoise 91. Robe d'un marron profond, mousse beige. Nez de malt noir, touche légère de café . Une bouche bien ronde, riche de saveurs et une attaque légèrement amère . On retrouve des notes de fruits séchés comme la figue et la datte puis une saveurs bien maltée et de jolies notes torréfiés de malt et de café . Petite acidité sur la final et une touche de miel. Corps moyen, carbonation dense et fine légèrement piquante . Une trappiste élégante et soyeuse.p

---Rated via Beer Buddy for iPhone <split>Deep amber/brown. Sweet syrupy. Depth. Tasty. One to savour and hide in your cellar.  <split>UPDATED: AUG 27, 2014 Sampled from an 11.2 oz brown bottle this beer poured a dark brown color with an enormous foamy tan head that lingered forever and left good lacing. The aroma was malty toffee, raisin, cherry, wood and bread. The flavor was malty and sweet with very strong dark fruits - cherry, fig, raisin - with anise, tobacco and a moderate alcohol presence. Wonderfully full and complex flavors that come in waves. Long finish. Outstanding.  <split>Bbkhfvblijngdfhjjgvbjjffvnkyfgjjhbffbjiffvnkfddfhn <split>Een troebel donkerbruin bier met cremekleurige schuimkraag. Geur van mout, caramel en ananas (!). De smaken varieren van licht gebrande mout, caramel, koffie en weer die ananas tot kruidnagel. De afdronk is bitterzoet met een lichte toon van koffie. Een complexe smaak waar je van moet houden. ik in ieder geval wel. <split>Bottle. Don’t understand why this beer is not rated higher. Deep dark, cloudy, amber color with a hugh off white head. Aroma is complex with hints of dry fruit and honey. Taste is also complex. Flavors of fruit cake hints of vanilla. <split>Bottle from Table and Vine. Dark brown with lasting tan head an lace. Rich earthy aroma of caramel chocolate and smoke. Burnt caramel and raisiny sweetness with coffee and smoke and mild earthy woody tobacco bitterness and pretty clean finish. Full soft body. On par with what a great trappist quad should be. Excellent.  <split>Bottle from York Beer & Wine. Very dark brown in colour with ruby red highlights. It has a very rich red fruity flavour, spicy, warming currants and bonfire toffee followed by a slight tart red fruity finish. Excellent! <split>Dark brown with nice crema. Aroma is mocha, roasted malt, yeast. Taste roasted malt, bittersweet mocha. Full body. Very smoooth. Low carb. Finish some bitterness. i would nearly describe this more as a porter. Although, this is a very nice entrance from the new Trappist. Interesting to see what next will be.
 <split>33 cl bottle that i got from my roommate, thanks Tim.
Subtle and clean aroma. Wet straw, dark olives, coffee, sweet caramel.
Pours darkbrown with a tan lasting head.
Olives come back in the taste, honey, herbs, coffee. Doesn’t feel like 9.7%, very drinkable, but dangerous ;).
Full warm finish, sticky mouthfeel. <split>So, a new Trappist brewery!  From Austria!  I immediately dropped the $7 on a bottle of the strong ale to see what’s up.

A.  Rich chestnut, reddish highlights.  Short tan head that flees quickly to the edges of the glass.  Neither lace or active bubbles.  Considerable chunky sediment in the bottle.

S.  Big deep burnt sugar nose, date, plum, woodsy, tannic, burnt toffee, molasses, raspberry, just a hint of peppery phenols, vinous, interesting.  Smells ’old’, cellared, blended.  As complex a nose as any De Dolle or Struise ale I’ve had.

T. As the nose.  Rich Belgian candi sugar gives way to a treasure chest of flavors: sour cherry, prune, and raspberry (?) for the esters, then the charred sugar bitterness, a hint of earthy, wild hops, almost a Belgian Stout flavor happening here - think De Dolle’s version - and then you’re back to the rich chestnut sweetness, layered sugar and fascinating fermentation notes.  I opted to add the lees, and do not regret it.  There is simply a ton going for this beer and it’s quite a different yeast profile than you might expect.  Perhaps the honey is to blame for the rich and long lasting sweetness; I am finding something hard to place.  Delightful.

M. Perfect.  Luxurious carbonation lends this a semi-creamy quality, while the alcohol sharpness pricks your tongue to bring you back down from the heavens.  I suspect the honey adds a great deal to the body of this beer.  The beer is rich, a sipper, and the finish fades from bitter to bittersweet to rustic-woodsy-sweet and finally a general herbal bitter quality while the alcohol warms your cheeks.  Simply wonderful.

If Gregorius is any indication of what to expect from this new Sift Engelszell brewery, I can’t wait to see what they do next.
 <split>Bottle:
Medium to bigger sized , vast, thick and really slow disappearing beige light tan colored head on top of a deep dark red ish brown colored beer.
the aroma’s are a lovely mix of red and brown fruits (cherries, strawberries, raisin, prunes, berries), cream, yeast, barley malts, spices, something very light manure ish, hint of flowers and ash.
The flavours are a really good creamy mix of red and brown fruit (same as in the aroma: cherries, strawberries, raisin, prunes, berries), chalk, bitters, barleys, nuts, cheese, hint of sour, liquorice wood, bay leaf, spices, some slight hints of hops and flowers.
Aftertaste darker fruits, with grass, light spicy, malted barleys and a gentle warmth.
Medium carbo, soft foamy lightly blown mouthfeel, medium to more fuller body and a thicker creamy and sticky texture.
Really good in balance, the taste is smooth, no trace of alcohol, a full and deep (not to deep) experience. A good mix of fruit, barleys and cream with a sprinkle of spicy bitter tones. Lovely. <split>With honey, huh?  Bottle, ’Brewed in Year 2012/11’, so pretty fresh for a Trappist.  Nose sweet, lightly fruity yeast, clover honey/strong floral component, some roast and a little more wood.  Deep, dark mahogany brown body with a short tan head.  Taste much the same as the aroma, yeast-forward, fruity, semi-sweet to start but dries out very nicely by the end, touch of bread in the finish, main course of grape and berry, mineral water, caramel/toffee, licorice, burnt plums and wisp of smoke; the whole shebang (and especially the palate) gets a light lift from warming alcohol but it’s incredibly subtle, seems more like a 6.5% Belgian.  Clean, no astringency, minimal hops and very low bitterness, body is fullish with pleasant carbonation, overall impression fresh and vibrant.  There is definitely a flavor contribution from the honey, though obviously no sweetness; it’s floral and vaguely herbal, the dank medicinal quality of Jäger or Angostura off in the distance but freed from the depressing clutch of liqueurdom.  Very different from the other Trappist quads but well-made and quite tasty.  A very welcome addition! <split>Bottle, 33 cl. Very hazy, almost opaque orange-brown with a frothy tan head and nice laceworks. Nose is a great surprise, lots of meaty roast and sweet cocoa, with hints of nuts, coffee and soy. Taste is sweet roasted malty, milky chocolate, a little booze, very creamy texture and a long, lingering bitter cocoa roasted malty finish. Much better than expected - very complex, very roasted and smooth creamy for a Trappist. Wauv. <split>Bottle. Pours a very dark brown beer with a small, light tanned head. Aroma has a lot yeasty characters, some ripe dark fruits, pear and peach mostly. Some alcoholic notes shine trough the aroma with some malty touches. Very complex aroma. Flavour starts of very sweet, but more layers are discovered while drinking. Very sugary, malty sweetness with loads of sweet fruit flavours. A bit unbalanced to the sweet side, but still very enjoyable. Cloying, sticky mouthfeel. Great sipper, great new trappist! <split>330 ml bottle. Aroma of fruits, green apples, sweetness. Taste is more developed than the aroma. Dark fruits, apples, finish is long and changing. First fruity, later tangy like green apples.  <split>Very nice brew. Full body, chocolate, coffee, caramel, drop, lichtly sweet. In my opinion almost a stout.
I´ll have one again <split>500 ml bottle. Pours hazy brown with long lasting, creamy, tanned head. Aroma is of funky yeast, dark fruit, brown sugar, and hints of chocolate and herbal hops. Body is full and crisp. Taste is of chocolate, dark fruit, brown sugar, herbal hops, toasted malt, and hints of wood and alcohol. Finish is long and dry. Wonderful, delicious brew.  <split>Bottle, 33cL. Home. A dark brown beer. Light just can’t go through ! Beige fine head not very persistant. Fruity aroma (red currant, blackcurrant) with caramel, coffea, honey, spices. Bittersweet taste with a sour note. Nice body. Oily texture. Medium carbonation. Long sweet toffee finish. Overall, a great beer. This sweet taste makes me feel weightless. <split>Bottle 0,33L Hazy, amber to dark brown colour, with small, creamy, light brown head, that dissipate in a minute. Aroma of sweet dark grapes, honey, caramel, marmelade and some dark fruits. Taste starts light sweet with malty touch of caramel, dark fruits and nutts, while the is finish heavy bitter. Full body, oily texture and medium carbonation. I like it. <split>Bottle, 9.7%. Caramelly, brown sugar, and slightly peppery aroma. Dark brown colour, red shine, sparkling, seems hazy. Good stable tan head. The flavour is quite sweet, balanced by some liquorice, a lot of liquorice, actually. It does fade away after a few sips, though. Other than the liquorice, there is the sweetness, it is more or less like brown sugar, but well balanced by a distinct and warming alcohol punch. A very flavourful beer, but well-balanced, and very good. <split>Bottle. Dark brown body with a tall beige head. Aroma has raspberry cake with honey. Smooth malty taste with some jammy notes, mostly raspberry again. There is some fermented honey too but it’s not overplayed. Good balance. Fruity finish with sweet dark berries. No sign of the alcohol, so I would even say it’s refreshing. Very nice.  <split>Aroma: Tart, raisin/cherry, clove and cinnamon. 
Sweet and sour flavor. Burnt raisin and clove. Warming. <split>Great aroma. Tart, sweet and malty. Flavors of berries, honey, chocolate, cake, brown sugar, biscuit and juuuust enough clove to clean out the aftertaste. Citrus undertones. Excellent balance makes it easy to drink. I’m really surprised the ratings for this aren’t higher. <split>Bouteille de 33cl. Couleur brune, mousse moyenne de tenue moyenne. Un magnifique assemblage aromatique avec du caramel, des fruits rouges et noirs, du pruneaux et quelque chose de très singulier de l’ordre du vin de noix. Texture un peu crêmeuse. Trouvée à Roby - Menin. <split>Bottiglia 33 cl.
Notevole, anzi, proprio buona......colore tonaca di frate, schiuma beige abbastanza persistente.
Aromi intensi di liquirizia, caramello, miele di castagno, cioccolato e caffè tostato.
In bocca la massa dolce e corposa è in parte bilanciata dai toni amari del malto tostato.
Tra le trappiste last but not least... <split>33cl. Bottle. 
Poors brown with tiny cream head. 
Aroma caramel, dark/red fruit, hint of honey, roasted malts,
Taste well balanced caramel fruity sweet and bitter, warming alchol in the finish. 
Mouth-feel oily/thin. 
Great new trappist, the monks did a good job :).

 <split>Pours a nice dark color with an off tan head.  Aroma is nice sweet of malt and dark fruit (maybe cherries).  Flavor is initially very sweet with a nice dry alcoholic finish.  There are also noted of dark fruits, caramel, and banana.  Mouthfeel is full and leaves a nice tingle in the belly.  Overall this is a delicious beer and I like the take on a dark triple.  <split>Bottle from Erzbierschof. -- Dark brown with little fast disappearing foam. Discreet but subtle estery aroma. Flavour is winey, acidity is dominating but sweet and fruity hints make this brew really elegant despite of the perceivable alcohol. I like it. <split>Smell of sugar. Dark brown colour, beige head, very dark for a trappist. Extremely sweet. Aroma of tar, licorice, candy. Oily.  <split>Bottle 330 ml. A clear red brown colour with a small frothy beige head. An aroma of malt, caramel, melass, alcohol and phenoles. The taste i s heavy sweet and medium bitter. A medium to full body and a oily texture. A really smooth beer <split>I love it.
Roasty, coffee like aroma, sparkling, black appearance.
 brown foam, medium sweetness, A subtle bitterness, medium kind of creamy body, lively Carbonation, long after taste.
Probably my new favourite Trappistastringent,  <split>330ml bottle from Beers of Europe - Flat cola looking beer, no head and fairly unappetising. The nose however is robust, almost like a boozy root beer, loads of fruit, Christmas pudding, banana bread, honey... I could go on. The taste is full on, liquorice and aniseed. A bit thin mind you. It’s good, but so many better. As far as Austrian Trappist ales go, this is the best I’ve had.  <split>UPDATED: JAN 18, 2014 Bottle. Dark with white foam, which disappears pretty quick. Great aroma, caramel but quite intense. Bitter and sweet flavours, quite nice balance but not as refined as the traditional trappisten beer. Palate is nice and if it is definitely a beer you could have a few of. --- Rated by Victor <split>bottle. muddy dark brown with almost no head. nice bouquet of caramel, raisin, and hints of banana. lively and dry palate. caramel, cherry, spicy and plastic phenols. a bit medicinal. extremely dry but flavorful.  <split>Bottle Dark brown pour, long lasting thin & frothy carbonation with an aroma of sweet plums. Flavor is rich and malty meld of mild raisins, plums, nuts and rounded out with a litte sweetness. Really nice, even at $6/bottle. <split>Aroma: Very bready with a hint of yeasts and alcohol.
Apperance: Brown, almost black color. Medium head disapears quickly, leaving only small ring of foam. No lacing.
Taste: heavy sweetness followed by medium bitterness in the end, warming alcohol.
Palate: Full body, with oliy texture and average carbonation. 

Very nice beer for cold winter evenings! <split>33cl bottle at home. Very dark brown with a small slightly off-white head. Medium to full body with light to moderate carbonation. Bitter with some sour and sweet tones. Caramel, brown sugar, dark fruits, herbs and spices. A very decent Trappist! <split>Bottle. The taste of honey was noticeable but not overwhelming. Has typical Trappist quad flavors of plum, raisin, clove and caramel but did not have a strong of an alcohol flavor and aroma as others. Very good and unique Trappist. 

---Rated via Beer Buddy for iPhone <split>Pours deep dark brown with small beige head. Aroma of prunes, raisins, honey, caramel. Taste is dark fruit, vanilla, candied sugar, very nice bitterness. For an almost 10% honey-sweetened Quad this is surprisingly refreshing! Very nice worthwhile addition to the Trappist family. <split>UPDATED: AUG 16, 2014 Pours a hazy dark brown body with a thin head. Very nice aroma of burnt sugar. Nice and rich malty taste with tones of candy and bread. A winner!

---Rated via Beer Buddy for iPhone <split>Bottle at home. Dark brown colour, creamy colour head. Smells like alcohol, coffee, smoke, soy sauce. Taste of coffee, herbs, some soy sauce. Very good. Name Trappistbier more than earned <split>Bottle from de Bierschuur in Poppel. The beer is hazy and dark brown with a nice and large cream colored head, also with a lot of bubbles. In the aroma clear tones of honey, caramel, pineapple and a little hidden hops in the background. The taste is light sweet in the beginning with clear tones of caramel and pineapple to change in a light bitterness with tones of dark chocolate, coffee and some spices. The finish is complex and bittersweet and has some light tones of coffee. Although this is a wonderfull quadrupel, it also reminds me a little of a stout. Really nicely done.  <split>Bottle. Creamy off-white good mostly lasting head. DArk red-amber colour. Heavy malty and moderate hoppy spicey aroma. Heavy bitter flavor. Strong spicey notes: Prune rasin. Long moderate bitter finish. Creamy palate,. Excellent. <split>UPDATED: MAR 25, 2013 Very good beer. Dark, low carbonation. Sweet and bitter, a little bit smokey. Very complex. <split>On tap in Sörmanufaktúra (Budapest). It hasn’t head. Body is very chunky. Colour is coffe-brown with easy rubin. Taste is "deep-dark fruit" with a little bit coffe. Full mouth is coffe and "rubin" fruits and after it lets the clear and dry alcohol taste.. It tastes a little bit like a Goulden Carolous christams but without corriander. It remind me  a little bit of the Halve monde Quadrappel. It is a real belgian trappist. Awesome good beer. <split>Slight khaki-colored head with no staying power and little if any lacing. Dark coffee colored liquid beneath. Very opaque and a little hazy from the sediment in the bottle following the liquid out. Nice aromas of coffee, plum, raisins, molasses, chocolate, and fig. Very complex and layered. Mouthfeel starts out a bit creamy and melts away from the alcohol. But not a burn, just a nice warmth. Then a rush of brown sugar and molasses. Some dark fruits again, and a slight presence of chocolate. Sweet and warm. A little stickiness left on the corners of the mouth. Finishes as good as it started. A very nice, complex beer full of flavor and aroma.  <split>33cl bottle. Bought at Dranken Geers, Gent and great thanks for that. The color is dark brown with small to medium, lightly tanned head. Nose : smoked cheese, burned toast and caramel. Red fruits, raisins with background honey. Sip : medium thick body with oily texture. Low carbonation. Alcohol is well hidden but still can warm in the throat. Sweet and malty, burned and smoked flavors around. Fruit notes stay until the end. Honey flavor greatly uncovered in the aftertaste. After couple of sips the honey flavor and booze is dominating in the mouth. Overall this is a really good one. I’m happy not to be disappointed with this new trappist. Well done monks !  <split>Bottled at Monk’s Cafe Wallingatan, Stockholm.  Hazy mahogany colour, small head. Aroma of tobacco and prunes. Mid sweet with full body and coft mouthfeel. Fudge and white pepper, honey and marzipan. Warming salty finish.  Mellow and pleasant.  <split>Pours reddish.  Smells spicy and sweet low a sweet bread.  Yeasty and sweet, spices and sugar, caramel notes.  Honey.  Alcohol hints.  Sweet finish. <split>Had this on tap at the Lions Pride, very unique Trappist ale. A lot more hops than any I had before, and this one had a roast note to it. I even got a coffee note in the flavor. I didn’t get the typical aggressive dark fruit note in this brew. I like it <split>Draft.  Small beige head, cola dark-brown body.  Aroma is moderately sweet, roast, bittersweet chocolate, some raisin.  Taste is moderately sweet, roast, bittersweet chocolate, plum/raisin, light alcohol warming.  Sticky medium-full body.   <split>33cl from Geers.
Couleur brune foncée noisette, col beige/jaunâtre.
Arôme est malté grillé, cara choco léger qcq fruits noirs et un miel qui vient juste en une note rétro-nasale. Possible pointe de malt fumé.


Palais met l’accent sur le malt avec de belles notes de chocolaté, caramel avec en retrait le miel qui vient donné ce côté frais bio de fleuri suivi de fruits noirs. Une amertume fine se retrouve en fin de bouche couplée à une certaine épaisseur venant des malts. Limite la bière reçoit des malts une touche minime de fumé. 

Une belle surprise avec un profil qui se distance des versions belges et surtout une levure moins typique. Ici l’ajout du miel est agréable et donne une belle dimension à la bière.
A 9.7% l’alcool est supportable sans pour cela venir dominer le caractère de la bière. <split>UPDATED: AUG 29, 2013  Draft at The Birch. Black pour with a tall, foamy tan head. Aroma is sweet with strong honey and dark fruit notes. Taste is sweet malt, toasted dark bread, honey, dark fruit and candyish notes. Body is medium with a soft creamy carbonation and light warmth. Finishes with more honey, dark fruit, dark bread and light candied fruit notes. Nice! 

****RE-RATE**** Bottle. Rear label shows "Brewed in Year 2012/11". Dark brown pour with a tall, foamy tan head. Strong yeast and honey int he nose with flowers, dark fruit and toasted malt. Taste is honey, toasted malt, dark fruit, candi sugar and yeast. Body is medium with a dense, creamy carbonation. Finishes with more honey notes, dark fruit, toasted malt, dark bread and yeast. <split>What you would expect from a Trappist Belgian ale, this is a very pleasing beer with a fruity centered taste, nice carbonation, but a little heavier and bolder since it’s a strong ale. I had this on tap, not out of the bottle, but it was very good. Highly recommend!  <split>Che bella sorpresa questa Gregorius, provata ieri sera tra mille dubbi e invece subito al naso cominci a pensare, accidenti, molto fruttata, miele, caramello. in bocca frutti di bosco, ancora miele, caramello, liquirizia, una punta acida non so se voluta o era un difetto, per me ci stava bene. copro piuttosto snello, non da birra da quasi 10°, carbonazione media, finale asciutto.  <split>Aroma is slightly tart and so is taste, just slightly thinner than comparable trappists. Complex but could’ve been a bit more naturally sweet <split>Pours dark brown. The smell is sweet and Carmel like. Lots of sweetness, hints of Carmel and spice the aftertaste is almost wine like a very interesting and complex brew.  <split>Sweaty brett-like aroma, thin but coarse and sticky sweet palate, full malty, liquorice, plums, fruit... excellent. Very good addition to the trappist family. <split>330ml bottle at Beer Temple. Aroma is light yeast, dark berries and some malt. Appearance is dark brown and a light brown-ish head. Taste is light sour and some bitterness. A light dry and sweet/bitter mouth feel. Overall a very good beer. <split>Bottle from Eithcubes.  This one leaked a little around the cap in transit, but no evidence of infection or loss of carbonation.  Murky, chestnut pour with a billowy tan head.  Good lacing.  Fig, cinnamon, plum, and some cacao in the aroma.  A touch of clove.  The flavor adds some nice rose character and some faint milk chocolate.  Body is fairly light with lively carbonation.  Malty with  no real bitterness except from the darker malt.  Slightly sticky finish with faint, lingering alcohol.  Exceptional beer! <split>Pours a five+ finger light tan head that fades slowly leaving a good lace. Opaque dark brown color. Good carbonation and medium bodied. Dark fruit and honey nose, flavor is more molasses than honey and earthy coffee. Pricey at $6.99 for a 330ml bottle from Julio’s Liquors Westborough, MA. Brewed Nov 2012. <split>Bottle 33 cl from Bier-Bienne (CH). Garnet brown, average tan head, low crackling. Complex aromas of roasted malt, toffy, cherry, banana-yeast and shades of alcohol. Creamy and liquor-like beer, swwetened-molasses, chocolate and ripe fruits, black cherry, spices. Full bodied and grassy bitterness. Final on the roasted malt, alcohol and bitter. Ample, complex and warm <split>Brun classique, pétillance moyenne, mousse tombe rapidement. Chocolat et caramel dominent, ensuite présence de rôti, de fruits noirs et de miel(dans une trappiste!!!), alcool plus ou moins masqué. <split>11.2 ounce bottle, label says Brewed in Year 2013/01. Served in a DFH Signature Glass, the beer pours a murky mahogany brown color with about an inch tan head. Head retention and lacing are both good. The brew smells like dark fruit, dark bread, sweet spices, clove and honey. I think for the most part the taste is the same as the aroma, but there’s also some herbs, molasses and some nuts noticeable. This is definitely a sweeter tasting brew. Mouthfeel/body is medium, it’s slick, smooth and easy to drink. I thought this was a good beer, I wouldn’t mind trying this one again in the future. $5.99 a bottle. <split>UPDATED: JUN 26, 2014 (bottle 17/08-2013, 26/06-2014) medium light brown head, clear dark brown color, slightly alcohol aroma, resin aroma, soft co2, smooth rather complex taste. Unknown BB date, bottle from Øm kloster DK. 
BB date 05.06.15. <split>Flaske fra vinmonopolet. Drukket på hytta til dag. Mørk brun farge. Tynn skumrand. Lavt karbonert. Smaker brunt sukker,rødvinspreg,malt. En god quadruppe.passer bra til skinkebiff med rømme <split>Bottle at Mike’s house. Taste is of dry fruit, very rich with berries and spicy. Pours a dark colour, a bit Christmassy <split>Bottle. Raisin/prune and chocolate malt aroma. Dark brown with large tan head. Sweet-tart cherry and raisin malt flavor. Mild astringent alcohol finish. Very nice - holds its own to its Belgian counterparts.  <split>Flaska från beernavigator drucken på ölföreningens julölsprovning 2013. En relativt stiltypisk belgisk klosterabt. Söt doft med torkad frukt, honung, marsipan, nejlikor, kryddor och belgojäst. Rejäl kropp, stora maltsmaker, värmande alkohol, lätt syrlig och stor sötma, torkade körsbär. Mycket trevlig. <split>330 ml bottle into chalice, bottled in 1/2013. Pours murky dark reddish brown color with a 1-2 finger dense khaki head with good retention, that reduces to a small cap that lingers. Spotty soapy lacing clings on the glass, with a moderate amount of streaming carbonation. Aromas of big raisin, plum, prune, fig, pear, apple, caramel, toast, molasses, dark bread, honey, herbal, light clove, light bubblegum, and yeast earthiness. Very nice aromas with good complexity and balance of dark malt and fruity yeast ester notes; with good strength. Taste of big raisin, prune, fig, pear, apple, molasses, caramel, toast, toffee, dark bread, honey, herbal, light clove, light bubblegum, and yeast earthiness. Lingering notes of dark/light fruits, molasses, caramel, toast, toffee, dark bread, clove, honey, herbal, light bubblegum and yeast earthiness on the finish for a while. Big robustness and very nice complexity of dark malt and fruity yeast ester flavors; with a good malt/fruitiness balance and no cloying sweetness after the finish. Medium carbonation and very full bodied; with a very slick, creamy, and lightly syrupy mouthfeel that is good. Alcohol is well hidden with only a small warming present after the finish. Overall this is a damn nice Quadrupel style. All around good complexity, balance, and robustness of dark malt and fruity/spicy yeast flavors; and quite smooth to sip on for the ABV. A very enjoyable offering. <split>Pours dark mahogany, small, almost non-existent head. Aroma is sweet as candy, caramel candy made from melted sugar. Some fruity tones as well. Taste has some sweet, fruity sensations, spreading out in your mouth fast. Slightly sour - but with a stronger body under the initial blanket. Alcohol is still not really detectable, surprising for 9,7% abc. Finish is more dry, tannins on the tongue, somewhat stretchy and long taste with some slight fruitiness. Green apple. This beer is a strong sipping beer - to sip this slowly just feels superb. <split>33cl in a Delirium Noel glass. Pours a dark brown liquid with a moderate white head. I had reservations about this beer being an ABT sweetened with honey but it proved me wrong. Very complex and nourishing. Not on par with the big boys (Rochefort, St. Bernardus, Westvleteren) but certainly an excellent first venture into the world of Trappist quads. <split>